usually when we take Boba before I games
like you know it's kind of like taking
protein before I workout or something
hewan just goes insane and 1v9 is the
game so yeah maybe we need to get him
some more boba what's the fourth week of
na LCS and it's the first week ever that
golden Guardians has gone - OH
I'm joined right now by definitely with
coverage presented by Omni slash talked
a little bit about the two o weekend how
much if the two o was driven by
Heimerdinger well we definitely wanted
to play Heimerdinger both games this
weekend but unfortunately got banned
really early against us yesterday we
practiced a lot of it and I first was a
bit shaky I didn't really know what I
was doing but I asked isin dog how to
play it and I think I play it probably
like the best in na right now okay so
but better than highs and dong in that
ALCS hasn't dong he'll always be my
master I'll be his disciple so very good
well yeah I mean I noticed it's so funny
so yesterday I saw jet did like this
breakdown of Heimerdinger and then
somebody tweeted I tweeted about and
somebody said like oh it was like a tldr
of like the definitely heimerdinger
video and I wait and looked and you did
like this whole on YouTube like training
session with him yeah first I didn't
even know it was gonna be like that big
I was just like kind of low-key asking
him hey like can you give me some tips
on high memory like I do how do I land
and give me like this whole youtube
series out of it and it's great and all
and yeah I think na as a region will get
better at high memory with it our people
are going to look at that YouTube series
and like find your weaknesses they're
gonna be like oh this is how he he
handles Heimerdinger now himer has no
weaknesses yeah okay you say that but
yesterday I interviewed Paul Beltre who
said Heimerdinger sucks cuz he says that
if Heimerdinger dies if Heimerdinger
dies he like loses all momentum and it's
just over
that's true but Poulter's ad carries
double lift right yeah
Oh does he play heimer I've never seen
him play higher me he said he said that
he's been I did when I did that video
with him and reckless or whatever at the
crab place he was saying that he's just
been feeding on himer in soloqueue i
mean he's not me so
okay this is great cuz like four weeks
ago I interviewed you on the first day
and you were talking about how would you
used to get a role that wasn't ad you
would just hit the X in the client and
like quit out and now you're playing
heimerdinger that's a bit of a jarring
transition yeah a lot of it's because of
my positional coach X special he had
like the biggest hard-on for
Heimerdinger it was like we're first
picking it we're playing at every game
and I was like dude I hate playing this
champ but I've grown to love it over
like the past two weeks of practicing it
and yeah I really do love this new meta
I think it's a lot of fun in the bot
lane but at the same time I do miss ad
carry's do you do you think okay because
because there's a lot of these ad
carries that are like all-stars right
like double of sneaky Cody Stein got
first last last but do you think that
you can like outmaneuver them now
because you can start playing these more
unconventional picks that maybe they're
a little stubborn to play well I
wouldn't put it that way I think I could
I do find either way like if it's
marksman or mages but I definitely think
having the majors in the meta it does
help a bit I feel like it's just whoever
learns them the best and like whoever
learns them first has like a really big
advantage against the other but yeah III
definitely think that I can compete with
them because my personal opinions I feel
like North America is stubborn
I feel like you hitting the X I feel
like a special force you need to play
that I feel like the other ADCs like the
first week and we had no funnel strats
like it feels like North America's I
know I know I don't want to play this
other style and so I'm one like if
everybody else is stubborn then and you
are not because if special forces you
not to be and then like you could come
out ahead right yeah yeah I definitely
agree I think in na it's like everyone
gives it like I try once early on and
there of course you're gonna feed with
it and then they just give up on it but
I think if you keep going with it like
kind of how al tech was talking about
his vlad i'll he was like feeding every
game on it but like his lads really good
now yeah yeah that's cool I'm just happy
I'm happy about the Heimerdinger because
I saw heimerdinger's just crap all over
North America last week and I was like
we got to play this shit so I'm really
happy that you're you picked it up
do you want to explain what this is by
the way uh honestly I don't really know
what it is it's a seal yeah okay a fan
gave me a seal okay it's really it's
really fluffy and feel it's I feel your
seal I don't know if that's a lot but um
but it's Mickey's birthday yeah it's
Mickey's birthday and this is also our
two first to a week of golden Guardians
history so I'm sure he's feeling really
good about it he played like out of his
mind this weekend not only him but like
the entire team so win or lose today we
were going to like go to like a steak
dinner and pick out but what why did you
get the seal if it's make his birthday
I'm pretty sure she gave Mickey
something too it's not yeah so like I
was my birthday and somebody gave up
came up to me and gave a gift to the
other person I would just feel like what
the hell no I I do I actually think she
someone gave Mickey a cake today
actually it was like a really nice cake
from like Barrett Paris baguette you
know that place that place is really
good so yeah he's gotten presents it's
not all about me so who all is going out
to dinner tonight I Rachel isn't she's
not invited the players and the coaches
I think Rachel isn't invited Academy
yeah
our little roaches are coming yeah
you're bent you're banned people from
the dinner III guess that's all for me
damn that's rough that's rough all right
uh what else is going on with going
Guardians like cuz cuz is every I heard
that there was like some tumultuous
weeks and now you guys think seem to be
doing okay so what maybe you can give me
a glimpse cuz you guys don't have a
weekly documentary series where I get to
see you scream at contracts or something
so which we did I really wish we did
fuck you Hunter not kidding but uh if
you're nice to have a documentary series
I think that'd be a lot of fun and like
the fans would get to know us a lot
better I think we all have like cool
personality is really fun but people
people aren't watching the document I
don't know if you track the viewership I
do documentary series you're just going
off of
i watch all of them yeah watch the CLG
one I love watching them after we beat a
team so I'm gonna make sure to watch
like hundreds I don't know if clutch has
long I 100 quality is like really good
so always watch theirs and yeah it's
really depressing because they're like
we fucking lost the golden Guardians and
it's like yeah you just love being the
salty one that got lost - yeah but
hopefully eventually people will respect
us enough and it's it doesn't feel like
that but uh overall our practice I'd say
so for since week three there's been two
weeks of practice since rift rivals our
first week of practice weren't really
rough actually like we're losing a
majority of our scrims
but we took like a big break like we had
Saturday Sunday and Monday off and I
flew home to go visit my parents cuz I
was like pretty depressed that we're
losing all our games and came back with
like a really fresh mindset everyone
just like we was refreshed and I first
like our week started like pretty poorly
with practice but we had like a big talk
and we're like if we really want to win
this weekend like things need to change
and we need to like have those hard
discussions with each other and that's
what we did and the towards the end of
the week our practice really shaped up
and we weren't dropping that many games
in scrims so who did you scream at who
did I scream at honestly I haven't
screamed at anyone since last split oh
you screamed at somebody last split me
and Laura got in a little argument it
wasn't like a scream but it was more
like yeah it was just like quarrel oh
thank you
thank you so much okay okay so this that
it looks like it was scripted that's not
scripted so this guy like it's fucking
hilarious that this just happened so
there's this boba truck that parks out
in front and I go there like at least
once a weekend whenever it's here and
the guy upgrades me to large every time
I always order small he upgrades me to
large and then because he likes me and
like I'm here and I'm a constant
customer so his wife handles the the she
was handling orders today and so I just
got the small and then the guy who
realized I got the small so he saw me
out here again and brought me another
one what's like in the middle of an
interview which is hilarious
it's the Phantom food truck people need
to hit that shit up because it's
literally the best customer service I've
ever
my goddamn life actually you know
usually when we take boba before our
games like you know it's kind of like
taking protein before I workout or
something uh Wan just goes insane and
1v9 is the game so yeah maybe we need to
get him some more boba you guys need to
get a boba sponsor because if you get
the boba sponsor it's just like you
could parody all those performance
enhancing like drinks or whatever like
the energy drinks and all this stuff
it's just like him slurping the boba
that going insane you know like he's
popping boba like they're pills or
something that'd be so you guys gotta
get above a spot sir now please get to
get that gold state warriors sales team
on that Tom Travis told him to do it
I'll definitely let hunter know I
hopefully it'll get us a bubble
sponsored that'd be that'd be great okay
so sorry you were screaming at Laurel oh
it's like slap split it doesn't matter I
mean it's just great cuz there's an
article on the front page of the
subreddit right now that's Laurel oil
being like yeah I joined Team Liquid
when I was 17 so when I left it was like
leaving my family and then like but next
time I interview you're like yeah I'm
screaming out of last but I'm sure he's
just sitting there being like I miss my
family
yeah it's always really interesting when
we play Team Liquid because Matt and
Warlow have like a lot of feelings
towards that team yeah so and it's
really nice that we have a positive
record against them yeah so it's 2 & 1
now right
2 & 1 2 & 1 against the NA champions
yeah woo boy yeah maybe you guys could
just keep doing this winning thing and
then you get to playoffs do you think
you can make playoffs I think it's very
likely I think like last Witt we're
pretty doomed because we started oh
seven keep talking oh you wanna drink
your boba alright I think last play was
pretty doomed because we started o 7
which was nail in the coffin kinda and
we were playing like garbage but I think
this split our losses actually I don't
even remember our losses but I want to
say our losses were because like we
played badly so yeah I think this split
we can easily make playoffs ok who are
the three teams that don't make playoffs
oh man I want to throw four teams sorry
for terms four teams I like every team
but if I had to choose fly quest
optic cloud9 make it Claude and I can
only use like lose like three games by
the way I really I really like the
people on cloud nine I'm really good
friends with the ah mmm so are you are
you saying they keep the same roster
yeah they keep the one they played
yesterday with honestly they look pretty
good I don't know if they're playing
right now so I don't know what's going
on today but they looked really good
yesterday uh I definitely think they
could but at the same time they could
also not cuz they only get three tries I
need two more teams to not make it so I
don't even know what other teams are in
the LCS you got echovox clutch CLG CLG
was struggled at times Team Liquid TSM
enemies like this well we'll just leave
it off but right look views are not what
they once were so I got yeah right right
came to me they said Travis can you you
stir up some shit you know that's what
they said I feel like people are gonna
think I'm like this huge ego so far
we've got you bragging about how your
learning Heimerdinger when no one else
will we've got you talking about how you
screamed at Laurel Oh and and now we
need like the team's that you think
stuck honestly yeah I think I'm building
a really good personality for myself to
the fans
yes great hey whatever you don't have to
finish what you think you want to say to
the fans thank you guys for watching and
also thank you guys for rooting for us
last season was definitely rough but
this season's looking a lot better
we're good thank you so much for the
interview definitely happy birthday to
Mickey and enjoy your dinner tonight
everyone else you can check out the rest
my coach of all things eSports and boba
right here on my youtube channel hey
hope you enjoyed that interview I
certainly did I I'm actually gonna
re-watch it several several several
times after this anyway my point is I
want to say thanks to all me slash for
supporting this content and also wanted
to mention something to you if you're
running adblock on this YouTube channel
right now that's sad but I've got away
at what you do make me happy if you have
Amazon Prime you can get twitch Prime
you just
linked your Amazon primary twitch
account you can link click the twitch
link in the YouTube description and give
me your free Twitter Prime that's
actually kind of cool anyway thanks
again Omni slash thanks for watching
that's it